README.md, before:

POSAllocationTracker 
====================
POSAllocationTracker is a simple utility for runtime tracking number of
instances of interested classes. To enable tracking you should instrument
allocation replacing standard `alloc` method with `pos_trackingAlloc`:

```objective-c
Dummy *dummy = [[Dummy pos_trackingAlloc] init];
```

After than you can ask `POSAllocationTracker` how much of `Dummy` objects
are still living in your app's memory:

```objective-c
[POSAllocationTracker instanceCountForClass:Dummy.class]
```

Here is a complete demo:

```objective-c
@interface Dummy : NSObject
@end

@implementation Dummy
@end

@interface POSAllocationTrackerTests : XCTestCase

@end

@implementation POSAllocationTrackerTests

- (void)testInstanceCounterCorrectness {
    XCTAssert([POSAllocationTracker instanceCountForClass:Dummy.class] == 0);
    @autoreleasepool {
        __unused Dummy *dummy = [[Dummy pos_trackingAlloc] init];
        XCTAssert([POSAllocationTracker instanceCountForClass:Dummy.class] == 1);
    }
    XCTAssert([POSAllocationTracker instanceCountForClass:Dummy.class] == 0);
}

@end
```

## Disabling tracking

POSAllocationTracker tracks instances only in DEBUG mode by default. You turn off or
turn on tracking manually using `POS_DISABLE_ALLOCATION_TRACKING` flag. For example
you can disable tracking in DEBUG mode defining that flag exactly before import
main header of the library:

```objective-c
#define POS_DISABLE_ALLOCATION_TRACKING
#import <POSAllocationTracker/POSAllocationTracker.h>
```

Commit message:

Remove instrumentation requirement for tracking objects.

README.md, after:

POSAllocationTracker 
====================
POSAllocationTracker is a simple utility for runtime tracking instances of interested classes.
Tracker automatically watches for all classes which are using directly or indirectly `init` method
of NSObject for initialization. Tracking is enable in DEBUG builds only, so it will not affect
performance of release builds. Library is extremelly simple to use. There is only one class with
single method in it: 

```objective-c
[POSAllocationTracker instanceCountForClass:Dummy.class]
```

Here is a complete demo from unit tests of the library:

```objective-c
@interface Dummy : NSObject
@end

@implementation Dummy
@end

@interface POSAllocationTrackerTests : XCTestCase

@end

@implementation POSAllocationTrackerTests

- (void)testInstanceCounterCorrectness {
    XCTAssert([POSAllocationTracker instanceCountForClass:Dummy.class] == 0);
    @autoreleasepool {
        __unused Dummy *dummy = [Dummy new];
        XCTAssert([POSAllocationTracker instanceCountForClass:Dummy.class] == 1);
    }
    XCTAssert([POSAllocationTracker instanceCountForClass:Dummy.class] == 0);
}

@end
```
